Mobility Advisor Frontend

This is the frontend prototype for the Mobility Advisor onboarding flow.
It collects the data needed as a starting point for the preference agent, such as budget, priorities, mobility options, flexibility, and notes.

Right now, the data is only saved locally in the running React app state. It is not sent to the backend yet and it is not exported to a file. Later, this can be changed so the collected data is transferred to the backend.

Technology

The frontend uses:

- React
- Vite
- TypeScript
- plain CSS for styling

TypeScript helps catch coding mistakes earlier and improves the developer experience with better autocomplete and clearer data structures.



How to run the frontend locally

Open a terminal in this frontend folder. In Windows Explorer, you can usually right-click inside the folder and choose "Open in Terminal".

First install the dependencies:

npm install

Then start the development server:

npm run dev

The terminal will show a local URL, usually something like:

http://localhost:5173

Open that URL in your browser.

To stop the server, click into the terminal and press:

Ctrl + C



Project structure:

The project uses a simple pages and components structure.

- src/App.tsx controls the onboarding flow, page switching, and shared frontend state.
- src/App.css contains the main styling.
- src/pages contains the onboarding screens.
- src/components contains reusable UI parts.
- public/assets contains SVG logos and icons.

The page files are numbered in the order they appear in the onboarding flow, for example:

0_LogoIntroPage.tsx
1_AgentIntroPage.tsx
2_BudgetPage.tsx

This numbering is only a preference to make the flow easier to understand. It would also be possible to keep everything in one file, but the pages/components structure is easier to read and maintain.

Some files, such as package-lock.json, vite.config.ts, tsconfig.json, and index.html, are part of the normal Vite/React setup. They handle project configuration, dependencies, TypeScript settings, and how the app starts in the browser.


Assets disclaimer!

Some SVG icons were sourced from the web for visual prototyping. Their licenses have not been fully checked. They should not be used for a commercial or public release unless the usage rights are confirmed or the icons are replaced with approved assets.

For the current non-commercial local prototype, they are included only to make the demo easier to understand visually.
